Great, this is the solution to exercise 97.
So I'm opening the file in append mode.
Then of course I need a while loop to have the program running all the time.
I ask the user for input and if that line is equal to save, I close the file, and then I open the file again.
So I'm closing the file because if you don't close the file the changes will not be written there, so the file
is still open in Python and you can not see the file content with other programs because you haven't
saved those changes yet, so close save changes and closes the file.
However the program is still learning so what you want to do is you want to open the file again because
that's what the user wanted, so they wanted to save the changes, but not close the program.
However your solution may be different, but if you're getting the same output as mine then you
should be good to go.
And then we're using elif here because we have multiple conditions.
If line is equal to close, then we close the file and we break the while loop,
so we close the program.
Otherwise if the string is not saved and is not closed,
then we write that string to the file.
That's more or less about the solution for this exercise.
This is clear and I'll talk to you later.